BigAnimal: tunable IOPS and throughput (#2839)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/biganimal/release/using_cluster/03_modifying_your_cluster/index.mdx

    | Settings                                 | Tab                                                                                |
    | ---------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
    | Cluster name and password                | [Cluster Settings](../../getting_started/03_create_cluster/#cluster-settings-tab)  |
    | Instance type \*                         | [Cluster Settings](../../getting_started/03_create_cluster/#cluster-settings-tab)  |
    | Volume properties \**                    | [Cluster Settings](../../getting_started/03_create_cluster/#cluster-settings-tab) |    | Networking type (public or private) \** | [Cluster Settings](../../getting_started/03_create_cluster/#cluster-settings-tab)  |
    | Networking type (public or private) \*** | [Cluster Settings](../../getting_started/03_create_cluster/#cluster-settings-tab)|
    | Database configuration parameters        | [DB Configuration](05_db_configuration_parameters)                                 |

    \* Changing the instance type could incur higher cloud infrastructure charges.

>     \** It can take up to a few hours to tune and resize the disks in your cluster. The volume properties are disabled and cannot be modified while this is in progress.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    \** It can take up to six hours to tune IOPS or resize the disks of your cluster. This is due to AWS rate limiting one volume modification every six hours as explained here in [Limitations](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/modify-volume-requirements.html) section.  The volume properties are disabled and cannot be modified while this is in progress. 
```

Reviewer 2: @dhilipkumars could we say: It can take up to six hours to tune IOPS or resize the disks of your cluster because AWS requires a cool down period after volume modifications as explained in the [Limitations](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/modify-volume-requirements.html) section. The volume properties are disabled and cannot be modified while this is in progress.

Reviewer: That looks good to me.

    | ----------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
    | Cluster name and password           | [Cluster Settings](../../getting_started/03_create_cluster/#cluster-settings-tab)                 |
    | Instance type \*                     | [Cluster Settings](../../getting_started/03_create_cluster/#cluster-settings-tab) |
    | Volume properties \**               |  [Cluster Settings](../../getting_started/03_create_cluster/#cluster-settings-tab) |
    | Networking type (public or private) \*** | [Cluster Settings](../../getting_started/03_create_cluster/#cluster-settings-tab)|
    | Database configuration parameters   | [DB Configuration](05_db_configuration_parameters)                       |    

     
     \* Changing the instance type could incur higher cloud infrastructure charges.

>    \** If you are using AWS General Purpose SSD storage, it can take up to a few hours to tune and resize the disks in your cluster. The volume properties are disabled and cannot be modified while this is in progress.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   \** It can take up to a few hours to tune and resize the disks in your cluster. The volume properties are disabled and cannot be modified while this is in progress.
```
My apologies. I was wrong. We can make this statement generic.

    | ----------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
    | Cluster name and password           | [Cluster Settings](../../getting_started/03_create_cluster/#cluster-settings-tab)                 |
    | Instance type \*                     | [Cluster Settings](../../getting_started/03_create_cluster/#cluster-settings-tab) |
    | Volume properties \**               |  [Cluster Settings](../../getting_started/03_create_cluster/#cluster-settings-tab) |
    | Networking type (public or private) \*** | [Cluster Settings](../../getting_started/03_create_cluster/#cluster-settings-tab)|
    | Database configuration parameters   | [DB Configuration](05_db_configuration_parameters)                       |    

     
     \* Changing the instance type could incur higher cloud infrastructure charges.

>    \** It can take upto a few hours to tune and resize the disks in your cluster. The volume properties are disabled and cannot be modified while this is in progress.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   \** If you are using AWS General Purpose SSD storage, it can take up to a few hours to tune and resize the disks in your cluster. The volume properties are disabled and cannot be modified while this is in progress.
```
I'm pretty sure this only applies to AWS GP3 storage so you need to state that.
